[INTERNAL] Configuration.md: Update bundleOptions description (#616)
SAP/ui5-tooling: docs/pages/Configuration.md

**bundleOptions**

- `optimize`: By default set to `false`. If set to `true`, the module bundle gets minified
- `decorateBootstrapModule`: By default set to `false`. If set to `true`, bootable bundles will be decorated with an optimization marker

> - `addTryCatchRestartWrapper`: By default set to `false`. If set to `true`, bootable bundles gets wrapped with a try/catch to filter "Restart" errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `addTryCatchRestartWrapper`: By default set to `false`. If set to `true`, bootable bundles will be wrapped with a try/catch to filter "Restart" errors
```
?
